OSDOCS-12321# GCP Filestore WIF support (#87736)
openshift/openshift-docs: storage/container_storage_interface/persistent-storage-csi-google-cloud-file.adoc

[role="_additional-resources"]
== Additional resources
* xref:../../storage/container_storage_interface/persistent-storage-csi.adoc#persistent-storage-csi[Configuring CSI volumes]
ifndef::openshift-dedicated[]
[id="osdk-cco-gpc_{context}"]

> * xref:../../operators/operator_sdk/token_auth/osdk-cco-gcp.adoc[CCO-based workflow for OLM-managed Operators with {gcp-short} Workload Identity].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:../../operators/operator_sdk/token_auth/osdk-cco-gcp.adoc[CCO-based workflow for OLM-managed Operators with {gcp-wid-short}].
```
